DeveloperGuide: Add implementation details for Delete (#96)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

#### Current implementation

A `DeleteCommand` instance is instantiated in `DeleteCommandParser#parse(...)` by the factory methods `DeleteCommand#byId(Id)` or `DeleteComamnd#byName(Name)`. The sequence diagram below shows the creation of a `DeleteCommand` with `Id`. The process is similar for `DeleteCommand` with `Name`.

<puml src="diagrams/DeleteParseSequenceDiagram.puml" alt="DeleteParseSequenceDiagram" />

<box type="info" seamless>

**Note:** The lifeline for `DeleteCommandParser` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline continues till the end of diagram.
</box>

Deletion of `Person` from NetConnect is facilitated by `Model#getPersonById(Id)` or `Model#getPersonByName(Name)`, and `Model#deletePerson(Person))`. The sequence diagram below shows the execution of a `DeleteCommand` with `Id`. The process is similar for `DeleteCommand` with `Name`.

<puml src="diagrams/DeleteExecuteSequenceDiagram.puml" alt="DeleteExecuteSequenceDiagram" />

#### Design considerations

**Aspect: How delete command executes:

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** A single `Model#deletePerson(Person)` method.
  * Pros:

>     1. Implementation of `Model#getPersonById(Id)` and `Model#getPersonByName(Name)` can be reused for other purposes.
>     1. Simple implementation of `Model#deletePerson(Person)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Implementation of `Model#getPersonById(Id)` and `Model#getPersonByName(Name)` can be reused for other purposes.
    2. Simple implementation of `Model#deletePerson(Person)`.
```

Author: Suggested by the [Markdown coding standard](https://se-education.org/guides/conventions/markdown.html) to use generic numbering!

  * Cons: Need to ensure `Person` with matching `Id` or `Name` exists in the list before `Model#getPersonById(Id)`, `Model#getPersonByName(Name)` and `Model#deletePerson(Person)` are called.

* **Alternative 2:** Separate methods of `Model#deletePersonById(Id)` and `Model#deletePersonByName(Name)`.
  * Pros: Simple implementation of `DeleteCommand#execute(...)`.
  * Cons:

>     1. Presence checks required in `Model#deletePersonById(Id)` and `Model#deletePersonByName(Name)`.
>     1. Much boilerplate code since `Model#deletePersonById(Id)` and `Model#deletePersonByName(Name)` are very similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Presence checks required in `Model#deletePersonById(Id)` and `Model#deletePersonByName(Name)`.
    2. More boilerplate code since `Model#deletePersonById(Id)` and `Model#deletePersonByName(Name)` are very similar.
```

Author: Numbering is intentional as above. Thanks for catching the typo! 👍
